{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 For my final project, I am going to create an audio visualizer to Lady Gaga\'92s song \'93Starstruck\'94! The color palette will be black, green, purple, and pink to pay homage to some of her iconic outfits. I\'92ve mostly looked at audio visualizers on YouTube, for example, this one: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgmbfGiNcvk&list=RDQMXd10NaeqX90&start_radio=1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgmbfGiNcvk&list=RDQMXd10NaeqX90&start_radio=1}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 An artist I also find inspiring is Yoshi Sodeoka, who makes audio-visual artwork and glitch art. I especially like the way he sees glitch art, he says, \'93When a computer glitches, something interesting happens, in terms of color and composition.\'94 I like the idea that glitches in technology are art and that sometimes accidents make the most interesting creations.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Additionally, I am inspired by the pairing of music with visuals, and it is actually what inspired me to start filmmaking although I have little musical training or experience. The way the tension and release in music interact with the climaxes and lulls of visuals has always interested and inspired me which is why I think an audio visualizer would be an interesting project for me to code. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 The main problem I can see myself facing while creating this audio visualizer is figuring out how to add the music to the p5.js and sync the music up with the visuals. This is because I haven\'92t seen exactly how to do it yet, but once I do some trial and error and refer to my resources I don\'92t think it will be too big of a barrier.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 So far I have not started coding for my final project but I have been researching and compiling resources that will help me bring the visualizer to life. This upcoming week I will have way more time to work on this project than the previous week. This week I plan to start the project on Tuesday, and chip away at it a little bit until it\'92s done, working on it most on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday as I have the most time on those days. I set a deadline for myself for Friday to be around 85% done with the project so that on Saturday I can quickly finish the structural part and then work mostly on the stylistic elements to have it done in time to turn in on Sunday. 
\f1\fs24 \
}